.TH countty 1 "2015-08-30" "countty" "User Commands"
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH NAME
countty \- a counter for your terminal
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcountty\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fItimestamp\fP [\fB\-b\fP \fIn\fP]
[\fB\-c\fP \fIs\fP]] [\fB\-S\fP]
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcountty\fP is like a simple stopwatch for your terminal. The elapsed
or remaining time will be displayed in big LCD-like digits.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH OPTIONS
No options make \fBcountty\fP count upwards.
.TP
\fB\-t\fP \fItimestamp\fP
Create a countdown that ends at the specified time.
.TP
\fB\-b\fP \fIn\fP
Make the screen blink \fIn\fP seconds in red once the countdown has
finished. If \fIn\fP is \fB-1\fP, the screen will blink about \fB4 *
INT_MAX\fP seconds (i.e., \(lqforever\(rq).
.TP
\fB\-c\fP \fIs\fP
When the countdown reaches the last \fIs\fP seconds, the display will
turn red. Defaults to \fB10\fP seconds.
.TP
\fB\-S\fP
When \fB\-S\fP is specified, \fBcountty\fP omits seconds as long as
you're outside the critical period and as long as the value to be
displayed is larger than 59 seconds.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
When a countdown has been aborted in some way (e.g., when you send
\fBSIGINT\fP to the process), \fBcountty\fP will exit with a status code
other than 0.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH EXAMPLE
You should combine countty with \fBdate\fP(1), \fBfiglet\fP(6), or other
tools:
.P
.nf
\f(CW
countty -t $(date -d '2014-12-24 20:00' +%s)
countty -t $(date -d 'now + 10 seconds' +%s)
countty -t $(date -d 'tomorrow 12:00' +%s)
countty -t $(date -d '...' +%s); clear; figlet -tc <<<'PARTY'
\fP
.fi
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH LICENSE
\fBcountty\fP is released as \(lqPIZZA-WARE\(rq. See the accompanying
\fILICENSE\fP file.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH HISTORY
\fBcountty\fP was originally written by Peter Hofmann. The project
was started in June 2014 as a more minimalistic version of
.UR https://\:github.com/\:trehn/\:termdown
\fBtermdown\fP
.UE
\&.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR date (1),
.BR figlet (6).
